The young master is divorced, no problem
Ok this gentleman
Then this woman becomes a daughter
Wait. What?
Why do I think you look familiar?
Take off the mask and let me see
Excuse me.
Since I entered with a mask
It is inconvenient to pick his face
Excuse me.
This gentleman
If not for experimenting with the truth
That's the wanted criminal
Or it's the hatred you have with me
You must take off this mask today
Is this how Xiao Family auctions entertain VIPs?
Let's comment.
This is the Xiao family's attitude towards doing business.
Do you see it?
The capital of my Xiao family says you
No one dares to try
If I ask you to take off this mask today, you have to take it off.
Do I help you or do you do it yourself?
OK
Chen Tianze is really you
Xiao Lingtian, you didn't ask me to come